Add package readmes (#91210)
dotnet/runtime: src/libraries/System.Speech/src/PACKAGE.md

## About

<!-- A description of the package and where one can find more documentation -->

> Provides APIs for speech recognition and synthesis built on the [Microsoft Speech API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/desktop/ms723627(v=vs.85)) in Windows.  Not supported on other non-Windows platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides APIs for speech recognition and synthesis built on the [Microsoft Speech API](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/windows/desktop/ms723627(v=vs.85)) in Windows.  Not supported on other platforms.
```

> This package is provided primarily for compatibility with code being ported from .NETFramework and is not accepting new features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This package is provided primarily for compatibility with code being ported from .NET Framework and is not accepting new features.
```

Reviewer: thanks for reviewing @MSDN-WhiteKnight
